== PassengerPane

A Mac OS X system preference pane which aids in quickly setting up Rails applications with Phusion Passenger.

Features include:
* Drag and drop support
* Managing hostnames without cluttering /etc/hosts

== Requirements

=== PassengerPane
Obviously required. Version 1.2 http://www.fngtps.com/files/2/2008/12/PassengerPane-1.2.tgz

=== Phusion Passenger
Also a no brainer. You'll need at least version 2.0.1.
http://rubyforge.org/frs/?group_id=5873&release_id=23286

=== RubyCocoa

PassengerPane needs at least RubyCocoa 0.13.2, which can be acquired in the following ways:
* Included on Mac OS X since version 10.5.2
* Binary installer or source http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=44114&package_id=36578

Note that if you wish to use a custom Ruby, not the default Apple Ruby, you will have to install RubyCocoa from source as well.
See http://rubycocoa.sourceforge.net/GettingStarted for more info on this topic.

=== Apache 2

PassengerPane is designed to work with the default Apache 2 installation supplied by Apple on Mac OS X 10.5.

Included with the archive you'll find a file called "passenger_pane_config.rb.ports",
this file should be a drop in replacement to work with Apache 2 as installed by MacPorts.
Replace Passenger.prefPane/Contents/Resources/passenger_pane_config.rb with this file or your own custom config.

== Support

Before creating a bug report, please check that you are using a RubyCocoa
matching your Ruby installation and have met all other requirements mentioned above.

If the problem persist, or you have a feature request or better yet a patch, you can file a ticket at:
http://fingertips.lighthouseapp.com/projects/13022

== Changelog

=== v1.2

* Rack support. Thanks to Kematzy for the original suggestion/work.
* Fixed "issue" people had with the default non-vhost based directory not working anymore. Thanks to "spike" for debugging this.
* Made the vhost config file extension configurable as well. Patch by Felipe Mathies.
* Backported RubyCocoa + Ruby 1.8.7 fix. Patch by Grant Hollingworth.
* Removed the "Allow mod rewrite rules" checkbox, we found it's not worth the UI real estate.

=== v1.1

* Honor custom environments that a user might have set.
* Fixed problem with restarting Apache. After saving an application Apache should now automatically be restarted. Thanks to Ciarán Walsh.
* Added support for ServerAlias and add those entries to the hosts db.
* Reload the applications from disk when the preference pane is brought back to the front.
  Any changes made to the vhosts from elsewhere will be reflected in the UI.
* Moved all hardcoded paths into a config module. Added a config for Apache 2 as installed by MacPorts. Thanks to Ciarán Walsh.
* The host table list was editable. Thanks to Ciarán Walsh.
* Fixed bugs in parsing custom user defined data in vhosts.
* Create a tmp dir before touching restart.txt if none exists.
* Replace underscores with hyphens in hostnames. Thanks to Bryan Liles.

== License

Copyright (c) 2008 Fingertips, http://www.fngtps.com, Eloy Duran <eloy@fngtps.com>, Thijs van der Vossen <thijs@fngtps.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.